Fix button function call (#2355)
MiczFlor/RPi-Jukebox-RFID: components/gpio_control/README.md

A RotaryEncoder can be created using an `ini` entry like this:

```bash
[RotaryVolumeControl]
enabled: True
Type: RotaryEncoder
Pin1: 22
Pin2: 23
timeBase: 0.1
functionCall1: functionCallVolU
functionCall2: functionCallVolD
```

> * **enabled**: This needs to be `True` for the extended shutdown button to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **enabled**: This needs to be `True` for the rotary encoder to work.
```

* **timeBase**: Factor used for calculating the rotation value base on rotation speed, defaults to `0.1`. Use `0` for deactivating rotation speed influence.
Example: 
 * a single rotation step leads to the value 1 passed to the function. 
 * steady rotation of two to or more steps, leads to the value 1 for the first call and the value 2 for all further calls.
 * speeding up rotation of two to or more steps, leads to the value 1 for the first call, the value 2 for the second, the value 3 for the third and so on.
* **functionCall1Args**: Arguments for `functionCall1`, defaults to `None`. If defined takes precedence over rotation value. Arguments are ignored, if `functionCall1` does not take any. 
* **functionCall2Args**: Arguments for `functionCall2`, defaults to `None`. If defined takes precedence over rotation value. Arguments are ignored, if `functionCall1` does not take any. 

To also use the push button of the encoder just a button definition:
```bash
[Mute]
enabled: True
Type: Button
Pin: 27
functionCall: functionCallVol0
```

Note that the old configuration entries PinUp/PinDown and functionCallUp/functionCallDown are deprecated and might stop working in future.

```bash

> [RotatrySeekingControl]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[RotarySeekingControl]
```
